Created a doc for configuring the Kubernetes Executor (#289)
astronomer/docs: enterprise/v0.23/04_deploy/02_configure-deployment.md

## Kubernetes Executor: Set Extra Capacity

> On Astronomer, resources required for the [KubernetesPodOperator](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/customize-airflow/kubepodoperator) or the [Kubernetes Executor](/docs/cloud/stable/customize-airflow/kubernetes-executor) are set as **Extra Capacity**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Astronomer, resources required for the [KubernetesPodOperator](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/enterprise/v0.23/customize-airflow/kubepodoperator) or the [Kubernetes Executor](/docs/enterprise/0.23/customize-airflow/kubernetes-executor) are set as **Extra Capacity**.
```
